chore(docs): add DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES to docs (#4598)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/configuration.rst

         **Note** that the JSON object must be included in single quotes (') to avoid problems with escaping of the double quote (") character.

   DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES:

>      type: JSON array

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     type: string
```

Author: Isn't JSON array correct, since it's the same as `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` or does that need to be changed too?

Reviewer 2: the input data type is a string, since you are doing `DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES="<value>"` the fact that it is a JSON string can be covered in the description.

     description: |
         A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a “name” and/or “service” field, and the “sample_rate” field is optional. 
         The “sample_rate” value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled) if not provided. 

>          The "service" and ""name" fields are glob patterns, where "glob" here means: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The "service" and "name" fields are glob patterns, where "glob" means: 
```

         "*" matches any substring, including the empty string,
         "?" matches exactly one of any character, and
         any other character matches exactly one of itself.

         **Example:** ``DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES='[{"sample_rate":0.5,"service":"my-service","name":"flask.request"}]'``

>          **Note** that the JSON object must be included in single quotes (') to avoid problems with escaping of the double quote (") character.

Reviewer: can we add the version that the variable was added?

         **Note** that the JSON object must be included in single quotes (') to avoid problems with escaping of the double quote (") character.

>    DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES:

Reviewer 3: Should we also document: `DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES_FILE`?

Author: ah good call!

     type: string
     description: |
         A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a “name” and/or “service” field, and the “sample_rate” field is optional. 
         The “sample_rate” value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled) if not provided. 
         The "service" and "name" fields are glob patterns, where "glob" means: 
         "*" matches any substring, including the empty string,
         "?" matches exactly one of any character, and
         any other character matches exactly one of itself.

>          **Example:** ``DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES='[{"sample_rate":0.5,"service":"my-service","name":"flask.request"}]'``

Reviewer: can we include a glob usage in the example?

>          **Note** that the JSON object must be included in single quotes (') to avoid problems with escaping of the double quote (") character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is shell-dependent and I think we can omit it

>          **Note** this feature was added in dd-trace-py version 1.4.0.

Reviewer: there's a special key for this that we can use, `version_added`

```suggestion
     version_added:
       v1.4.0:
```

         **Note** that the JSON object must be included in single quotes (') to avoid problems with escaping of the double quote (") character.

   DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES:
     type: string
     description: |

>          A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a “name” and/or “service” field, while the "max_per_second" and “sample_rate” fields are optional. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         A JSON array of objects. Each object must have a "name" and/or "service" field, while the "max_per_second" and "sample_rate" fields are optional. 
```

>          The “sample_rate” value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         The "sample_rate" value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled).
```

         The "max_per_second" value must be >= 0 and will default to no limit. 

>          The "service" and "name" fields are glob patterns, where "glob" means: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The "service" and "name" fields can be glob patterns: 
```

         "*" matches any substring, including the empty string,
         "?" matches exactly one of any character, and

>          any other character matches exactly one of itself.

Reviewer: any reason for the newline here? not sure how this formats

Author: It's just what we do with `DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES` so I thought it would be best to follow the same formatting. It looks like this which I think is clear?: https://ddtrace.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration.html#DD_TRACE_SAMPLING_RULES

         **Example:** ``DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES='[{"sample_rate":0.5,"service":"my-serv*","name":"flask.re?uest"}]'``

        version_added:
            v1.4.0:
    
   DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES_FILE:
     type: string
     description: |

>          A path to a json file containing span sampling rules organized as JSON array of objexts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         A path to a json file containing span sampling rules organized as JSON array of objects. 
```

>          For the rules each object must have a “name” and/or “service” field, and the “sample_rate” field is optional. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         For the rules each object must have a "name" and/or "service" field, and the "sample_rate" field is optional. 
```

>          The “sample_rate” value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         The "sample_rate" value must be between 0.0 and 1.0 (inclusive), and will default to 1.0 (100% sampled).
```

         The "max_per_second" value must be >= 0 and will default to no limit. 

>          The "service" and "name" fields are glob patterns, where "glob" means: 

Reviewer: same suggestion as above

         "*" matches any substring, including the empty string,
         "?" matches exactly one of any character, and

>          any other character matches exactly one of itself.

Reviewer: same question as above

         **Example:** ``DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES_FILE="data/span_sampling_rules.json"'``

>          **Example File Contents** ``[{"sample_rate":0.5,"service":"*-service","name":"my-name-????", "max_per_second":"20"}, {"service":"xy?","name":"a*c"}]``

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
         **Example File Contents:** ``[{"sample_rate":0.5,"service":"*-service","name":"my-name-????", "max_per_second":"20"}, {"service":"xy?","name":"a*c"}]``
```
